added readme for algorithms sudoku solver (#556)
microsoft/Quantum: samples/machine-learning/README.md

# Machine Learning Samples

> - **[Half Moons](./half-moons)**
> This sample implements using the quantum machine learning library to train a sequential model on the half-moons dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Half Moons](./half-moons)**
This sample demonstrates how to use the quantum machine library to train a sequential model on the half-moons dataset.
```

> - **[Parallel Half Moons](./parallel-half-moons)**
> This sample implements using the quantum machine learning library to train a sequential model on the half-moons dataset, parallelizing over target machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Parallel Half Moons](./parallel-half-moons)**
This sample demonstrates how to use the quantum machine library to train a sequential model on the half-moons dataset, parallelizing over target machines.
```
